I love working on South Georgia island
because obviously the wildlife is very
approachable and that enables me then to
bring a very few lenses to really
accomplish a lot of photography whether
I'm working in Africa Asia or here in
the sub-antarctic the lens I always
bring without fail is this list this is
the 70 to 200 this is a 2.8 I also have
an F for for lighter occasions but it is
the lens that I rely on for probably 70%
of what I shoot it's a great lens for
shooting portraits of people without
having to be on top of them it's a great
lens for shooting details of penguins
without being on top of them and it's
also a great lens for landscapes this is
a must the other lens and I always bring
along with this 70 to 200 is the 16 to
35 wide-angle I shoot with a wide-angle
almost the rest of the time if I'm not
shooting with the other telephoto and
this lens enables me to shoot for
instance these penguins and these seals
wide-angle I could bring in the sense of
the landscape behind so I love doing
that I love to tell a story and this is
the great lens for doing that of course
what I bring also is a camera body and I
usually bring two lightweight digital
cameras this is a 5d mark ii it's a
great camera now because it enables me
not only to shoot steel but a little bit
of video and that's always a great thing
to have the other camera body is usually
back on the boat or back in my room and
I bring it out when I need it but really
over the years in so many situations
I've never had a camera fail yet I've
lost them but they've never failed I
bring along a package that carries all
my flash cards and so in replacement in
the film what an amazing thing to have
in this case about 10 cards carries me
through any trip
bring sunglasses I've got a little
microphone for the camera now when I'm
shooting digital I always bring some
cleaning cloths you know I'm not very
organized but I've got it I've got my
intervalometer or a very fancy cable
release always use that what else Oh a
little filter bag I got polarisers in
here and graduated neutral density
filters so that comes in a nice little
handy pouch extra hats and other than
that that's it that's all I really need
on any given day when I'm here working
in South Georgia island things are
changing it's a it's a really a brand
new day in the realm of taking pictures
in many ways it enables me to shoot
better and better tell clearer stories
can you imagine a handful of years ago
as shooting slowed film and now I'm
shooting digital I'm recording with
video it's amazing it's really the tools
that are at my disposal continually get
better and so do the Penguins there's so
much better looking than they were a
generation ago that would be you
hey I'm complimenting you nothing
nothing
it's totally ignoring me obviously they
have no clue who I am yeah I'm talking
about you Oh